document array view in manual in a more accessible and visible way (#51717)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/arrays.md

`X` is an array with the same number of dimensions as the sum of the dimensionalities of all the
indices.

When some or all `I_k` are ranges or array of integers ("slicing"), the returned array would be a new array with
copies of selected elements instead of sharing underlying memory with the original array `A`; to slice an array

> without making a copy, see [array views](@lib-arrays-views).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without making a copy, see [array views](@ref lib-arrays-views).
```

> indices.
> 
> When some or all `I_k` are ranges or array of integers ("slicing"), the returned array would be a new array with
> copies of selected elements instead of sharing underlying memory with the original array `A`; to slice an array
> without making a copy, see [array views](@ref lib-arrays-views).
> 

Reviewer 2: I like the idea — this is good information to raise here.  Here's a slight re-working of your text:

```suggestion
indices. This returned array is a newly allocated container that contains the selected elements from the original array `A`.  As this uses separate storage, subsequent [indexed assignment](@ref man-indexed-assignment) into `X` does not change the elements of `A`.  To select a subset of an array without allocating new storage, see [array views](@ref lib-array-views).
```

I want to change a few things here:
* We don't make copies of elements, we just iteratively assign each selected element from `A` into the new storage in `X`
* I want to be pretty careful about "when" this happens — your list, for example, is missing `:`s.  Tying it into the previous section makes it a little simpler.

I do see how it could be helpful to use the words "slicing" and "slice" here... but I'm not quite sure how to best do that because we don't have a standard definition of what makes a slice so everyone brings their own context.  To me, for example, slicing doesn't include the case of an array of unsorted integers (like `I_1 = [3,1,4,1,5,9]`).  So I don't want to limit the descriptions here to imply that it only applies to slicing.

Author: well someone may search "slic*".

Our manual is very dense without covering the most useful operation in the simplest 1D case
